What do I like about Jeollado? I like the 2 for 1 rolls (sometimes 3 for 1) the prices and the variety on the menu What don't I like? The rolls are tiny so you 
have to order more anyway and they will often get your order wrong if you stray from the menu For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - 
bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same ) This place is a great deal for the price and the food they give you Crab rolls are 
made with real crab, not the imitation crab They also have a great unagi bim bim bap that you must order Go here if you want a little bit of Korean combined 
with a little bit of Japanese food Place is casual, not fancy Short of cash, with a big group, starving? This is the place Okay, not the most delicate or 
delectible, but absolutely satisfying and the sake is cheap too Portions are pretty amazing- especially the Amy roll for $8- damn thats a lot of food for $8 And 
the Jeollado (seaweed) salad- sometimes I get take-out somewhere else and go get that salad to be healthy and fill me up All in all a great place, but not the 
most refined Oh, also a pretty good scene, lots of people to look at There may be nicer places, or cheaper places, but Jeollado is probably the best cheap sushi 
in New York City Jeollado's house rolls are definitely a popular draw They are damned good You just have to try it for yourself I've been to Jeollado a bunch of 
times, and the fish is nearly always fresh But I must admit I have stumbled on a couple of un-fresh days, but they are rare The wait staff is nice, but they are 
kind of inattentive The atmosphere is like a cafeteria, so it's not romantic However the casual atmosphere comes in handy if you want a good place to drop in 
and get food It's not a place to impress a date But it's perfect place to meet with someone for good-tasting sushi when a restaurant-y place would be too much 
for casual dining Jeollado has seen its good days and bad days overall the restaurant has great prices for the value Loud cafteria seatings and great for large 
groups There is a private room in the back for parties which include KTV Jeollado is fine, but in no way is it the best sushi in nyc Everything except their 
house rolls are sub-par (their sushi/sashimi and the korean dishes are sad) Their house rolls are good, though - but it's because of their cool crab meat 
filling I must start by stating plainly that I love Jeollado, but it is loud, the service is bad, but the rolls are great and it is the best deal (CHEAP) in 
town To all the Jeollado haters out there, try to remember not all sushi fans can eat at Nobu every weekend Jeollado is the place for the rest of us My friends 
all call me a Sushi snob (I've tried Tomoe, Nobu, and Sushi Samba and have not been impressed) Jeollado blew me away! Rolls are SO fresh and SO cheap and it is 
rarity these days to find a sushi place that used REAL crabmeat- super plus! I've been going to Jeollado for years and it's my favorite place for sushi in NYC 
Every time I take someone there they are impressed with the giant and delicious rolls and the reasonable prices I've always had great, efficient service, the 
owner is a very kind person and the food is addictive The sushi is very good and it's not expensive at all You have to try their special rolls The place is not 
fancy at all so I wouldn't go there on a date But it's a great place to just hang out with friends A noisy place, good for groups and people new to sushi The 
sushi is good, but my favorite thing here is the house green salad My friends rave about the pancakes I don't understand how this restaurant stays in business I 
must say that my dinner there has been my worst dining experience to date The sushi was not edible: fish was smelly (definitely NOT fresh!), rice was poorly 
made, the seaweed was moist and chewy like gum
The korean dishes are equally bad and lukewarm
